== Synopsis

A modular command-line interface for interacting with genome scaffolds defined
in the {scaffolder format}[http://next.gs/man/scaffolder-format/].

== Feature List

  * Unified command-line interface for interacting with genome scaffolds.
  * Modular framework for creating scaffolder command-line plugins.
  * Detect installed plugins and automatically make them available at the
    command-line.

== Installing

Ruby and RubyGems are required to use scaffolder tools. Scaffolder tools is
compatible with at least Ruby versions 1.8.7 and 1.9.2. The {last stable
version of the RubyGems package manager}[https://rubygems.org/pages/download]
is recommended for installing scaffolder tools.

Scaffolder tools is installed on the command line using:

  $ gem install scaffolder-tools

== Installing Tools

Modular plugins are also installed using RubyGems:

  $ gem install PLUGIN

== Documentation

Command line usage can be found by running the following:

  $ scaffolder help

A list of available tools can be found by running the following:

  $ scaffolder list

A unix man page is available for each tool by typing:

  $ scaffolder help COMMAND

== Contact

Scaffolder was developed by Michael Barton (www.michaelbarton.me.uk). The
website for scaffolder is at http://next.gs and a {twitter feed for
updates}[http://twitter.com/nxtgs] is available. There is a {Google
group}[http://groups.google.com/group/scaffolder] for questions and comments.
The source code is available on github[http://github.com/scaffolder]. Bug
reports and feature requests may also be made there.

== Copyright

Scaffolder © 2010 by Michael Barton. Scaffolder is licensed under the MIT
license. Please see the LICENSE document for more information.
